#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
-e .
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==4.0.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   streamlit
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
black==24.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.8.1
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   nltk
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.6
    # via pretty-errors
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==2.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
entrypoints==0.4
    # via altair
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.13.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
flake8==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.50.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.2.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
huggingface-hub==0.22.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via streamlit
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbautoexport
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lightning==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
lightning-utilities==0.11.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
loguru==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nbautoexport==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbautoexport
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbautoexport
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbautoexport
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   lightning
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   wordcloud
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.19.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.99
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbautoexport
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   streamlit
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
    #   wordcloud
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
pretty-errors==1.2.25
    # via torchmetrics
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via streamlit
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==15.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   streamlit
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pycodestyle==2.12.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via nbautoexport
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.0b1
    # via streamlit
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytorch-lightning==2.2.4
    # via lightning
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
pyzmq==26.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.4.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.13.0
    # via scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
semver==3.0.2
    # via streamlit
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
torch==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==1.4.0
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   nltk
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbautoexport
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.39.3
    # via -r requirements.in
triton==2.2.0
    # via torch
typer==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbautoexport
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   black
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.2
    # via streamlit
unidecode==1.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
validators==0.28.1
    # via streamlit
watchdog==4.0.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
wordcloud==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via datasets
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.18.1
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
